Hey
Hahahaha
Brother Qian
I know you're anxious again.
Now, listen to what I have to say. The Emperor is not a fool
It's just that the case is not closed
Zhang Zhijie died in prison again
There is a big case involving tens of millions of taels of silver in the back
In light of my brother's performance in this case
Then His Majesty will have a will to answer
Qin Fang is ashamed
The grass people all refer to Fengtian carrying the emperor's edict that waiting for the sword is Qin Yuantu's decree
Qin Feng is witty
quick thinking
Exceptional performance in arson
Gut ordered Qin Feng to assist in carrying a knife to thoroughly investigate the case of tax and silver theft for Qin Yuantu
Thank you for this day, bro
Cut off?
The grass-roots people accept the order
Mother, I'm so scared
Don't be afraid.
What do you want?
You can go out now.
What? Aren't you taking us to a beheading?
Kill the head
Cases are solved? What cases are solved?
Must be Mo'er
What foam
The person who solved the case was your nephew Qin Feng
Impossible, it can't be that the case solved by the white-eyed wolf is the big brother
Really?
Hmm big brother hmmm
Second Aunt Xiaozhi, I am also your savior
How could you choreograph me like this
Am I not too excited?
Ah, what about fungus?
Why aren't the fungus with you?
I asked him to pick up the second uncle
I'll be back soon.
That's good, that's good.
Big brother is not good
Dad is poisoned
Now in a coma
What? What?